{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red45\green68\blue134;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9220\viewh19300\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Free programming books
\f1\fs26 \cf2 : {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/vhf/free-programming-books/blob/master/free-programming-books.md"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 https://github.com/vhf/free-programming-books/blob/master/free-programming-books.md}}\cf3 \
\
Adobe creative cloud 19.99/mo: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.adobe.com/products/creativecloud/students.edu.html"}}{\fldrslt http://www.adobe.com/products/creativecloud/students.edu.html}}\
\
1. Octocat slides\
2. I was once a student\
	- Waited for DIFD\
	- Tried to double major with Art\
3. Didn't really party too hard\
	- Mostly because I was <21\
	- Did have a lot of friends\
4. ADVICE: You're al in this together, make friends in your major and challenge each other.\
5. Play video games\
6. Worked at BBY as a geek squad agent\
	- learned how not to be angry at people all the time\
7. Special assignment to work with GSSA on big websites\
8. Got to launch big websites and private portals\
	- It was awesome\
9. I thought I was pretty cool.\
10. Then I got my first employment contract to work for corporate\
	- I thought I had made it\
	- Actually had a conversation about taking over the company\
11. Then I learned about decks.\
	- Decks are where great ideas go to die\
12. Okay I thought - counter the culture!\
	- Learned a new term: Intraprenuership! \
13. I Kept building awesome things\
14. I went to conferences\
	- ADVICE: Go to conferences:\
		- Your company pays for\
		- Are local and reasonably priced\
		- Have student discounts!!\
		- DON'T PAY FOR EXPENSIVE CONFERENCES\
	-Things were great!\
15. Then my co-workers and I wanted to do something innovative!\
16. Then the death threats started.\
17. I started interacting with other managers\
	- Not my manager - other managers.\
	- Managers are just like you\
	- Managers are scared\
	- Managers are insecure\
	- Managers like to save money\
18. Managers like saving money - I was saving the company money\
	- Apprx. 2.5Mil.\
19. But when I met my new manager, they didn't understand me, didn't understand us\
	- Takashi Murakami\
	- Would rather pay a 3rd party. (4mil.)\
	- So I left and started a new company\
20. Which is terrifying.\
21. But not so bad if you surround yourself with trusted companions.\
22. A FEW LESSONS I'VE LEARNED: You're always learning - COLLABORATE\
	- Collaboration and sharing is absolutely required.\
23. Go to meetups - Network!\
24. Read Books (GITHUB BITLY FOR FREE BOOKS)\
25. Be yourself, be humble!\
26. TC Promo.\
27. Contact and slide download link\
}